SEATTLE  The Tacoma Fire Department, the Coast Guard, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Washington Department of Ecology and other agencies are continuing their response to the fishing vessel, Kodiak Enterprise, that caught fire early Saturday morning while moored at Trident Seafoods in the Hylebos Waterway in Tacoma. The fire has progressed throughout the ship []

Multiple agencies are responding to a fire that broke out aboard the Kodiak Enterprise Saturday, prompting officials to issue a warning for surrounding residents.

EPA News Release: Unified command responds to vessel fire in Tacoma, Washington.

How long is the present? The answer, Cornell researchers suggest in a new study, depends on your heart. The researchers discovered that our moment-to-moment perception of time is not constant and can expand or contract with each heartbeat. According to Adam K. Anderson, a professor in the Depa.

ASTANA  Rare and beautiful Greig tulips bloom again in Kazakhstans Turkistan Region. Yet, these stunning flowers are in need of protection, reported the press service of the Kazakh Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources on April 6. People pluck tulips to take beautiful photos, collect a bouquet, or just for fun, preventing them from.

OLYMPIA  A Senate Democrat said Friday he will withdraw a bill to refund cap-and-trade surcharges to farmers, citing opposition on several fronts, including from farm groups.

Highline School District serving the Seattle suburb of Burien, Washington is in the process of replacing its aging gasoline and clean diesel school buses with new all-electric school buses (ESB). To date, Highline owns three ESBs and officials report that they are running well. The district is also in the process of obtaining an additional []

Recent research reveals a technique to avoid age-related weight increase which might prevent obesity and related health problems like Type 2 diabetes heart disease and chronic inflammation By stimulating the production of a certain type of fat cells the effects of a slowing metabolism could be reversed according to a new study by researchers in Cornells Division of Nutritional Sciences which is housed in the College of Human Ecology and the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences.

Plastic bags are one of the largest sources of contamination in Washingtons residential recycling stream. These bags can clog recycling machinery, contaminate other recyclable materials, and lead to more potentially recyclable material ending up in the landfill. How big a problem is it? According to a Washington Department of Ecology survey, 20% of residents put.

A new immersive, hands-on course at Muskegon Community College is taking a close look at freshwater ecology.

The School of Biological & Chemical Sciences will be holding a Seminar on "The Ecology and Evolution of Cicadas that Count"by Dr. Chris Simon 12 July 2017.

YAKIMA, Wash.- The Yakima Health District, Department of Ecology and the Clean Air Authority are working together to plan action against a subsurface landfill fire.

OLYMPIAPlastic bags are one of the largest sources of contamination in Washingtons residential recycling stream. These bags can clog recycling machinery,

Spokane locomotive engineer, Shawn Blackburn, and the Washington State Department of Ecology provide more context on recent train derailments and railroad safety.

GLEN JEAN  Spring is here and so, too, is a celebration of ecology throughout southern West Virginia, the annual Spring Nature Fling.


Dr. Walter Meshaka, Jr. is Senior Curator of Zoology and Botany at the State Museum of Pennsylvania. He will discuss the role that basic field ecology has played in the conservation of the Common Snapping Turtle (Chelydra serpentine serpentine) at Wildwood Park, how this work can serve as a template for other turtle species at Wildwood and elsewhere, and how public involvement brings about public awareness.

Toxic Blue Green Algae Detected in Lake Marcel August 9, 2016.
March 6, 2016.
Warning  Toxic Algae Present in Lake Marcel.
The King County Environmental Laboratory found concentrations above the state recreational guideline that are potentially dangerous for human health. Scums or accumulation of toxic algae were found near Beach 2, but they may be found in other areas of the lake because the blooms float and are moved easily by the wind.
Advice for people and dogs:
People and dogs should not swim, wade, or play in the lake if a blue-green algae or scum is present. Dog owners should not allow their dogs to have any contact with the water if there is an accumulation of algae nearby. If a dog has contact with an algae bloom, do not let them lick their fur, rinse the dog with clean water, and then rinse your hands and any exposed skin.
Warning signs:
Visitors to the lake are advised to watch for warning signs, which will be updated as conditions change. However, because wind can blow scums rapidly from one part of the lake to another, people should avoid water that appears to have algae even if there are no warning signs present.  Local and state staff will continue to sample for toxicity until the bloom ends.
Potential health impact:
Toxic blue-green algae can affect humans and make animals very ill, even proving fatal to dogs if ingested in large quantities. If swallowed, the algal toxin (microcystin) may cause abdominal pain, diarrhea, vomiting, and in some cases, severe liver toxicity.  Some people or dogs may be sensitive to touching the toxins and have mouth or nose irritation and skin rash. King County works with the Washington State Department of Ecology (Ecology) on an algae identification and testing program for lakes with frequent algae blooms. Statewide data and more information about toxic cyanobacteria can be found at:
A follow-up email will be sent with the results of the next test.
Filed Under:

This movement workshop explores the work of Inner Transition Guelph and The Living Room Context learning community. Using simple, accessible, and serious play, we will explore our cultural transition to a relationship economy.
A graduate of Environmental Studies at UW,
Tanya Williams.
is a context artist with a passion for dancing with systems in community, on the land, and in the body. She has been facilitating, directing, creating, and performing for over 17 years, drawing on her experience in Forum, Playback, site-specific, environmental, and physical theatre, visual art, puppetry, movement and sound improvisation, choreography, modern dance, Aikido, Contact Improvisation, The Five Rythmns, Dynamic Structural Integration bodywork, Alexander Technique movement education, organic farming and intentional living. Her adventures find her creating environmental dance film on seashores and in canyons, creating collaborative community theatre in buses, mills, malls, alleyways, community centres, performing at the Toronto Fringe Fest of Independent Dance Artists, Contemporary Art Forum of Kitchener and Area, The Festival of Interactive Physics in Toronto, the Guelph Contemporary Dance Festival, and with The MT Space, and Flush Ink Productions. She is co-founder of the Ontario Region Contact Jam and The WARMER Project.
www.tanyawilliams.ca.

This workshop is filled. Disappointed? Check out our Loon and Wolf Ecology 101 Workshop on August 2425. This enhanced training workshop covers identical material as the Loon Ranger Training Workshop on May 5 but also includes viewing loons on Lake Namekagon in their natural habitat. It serves as training for volunteer Loon Rangers but is.

Debbie Allen, Nigel Lythgoe, Ben Johnson & more will be part of a free panel discussion about dance when Center Stage: Mapping the Ecology of Dance in L.A. comes to the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Artsin Beverly Hills on Thursday, May 17.

The project is a collaboration between the Transportation Agency of Monterey County, the Gonzales Youth Council and Ecology Action.

Litter is piling up on western Washington streets. A firefighter decided to get his hands dirty.

Seattle City Light, along with Seattle Department of Transportation, will install 31 EV charging stations around the city.

Two Democrats in the Washington Senate have introduced a bill to refund cap-and-trade fuel surcharges to farmers and haulers of agricultural products.

A team of environmental scientists at the University of Auckland and Manaaki WhenuaLandcare Research, both in New Zealand, has found that one of the reasons for the declining population of the endangered kkp is a reduction in diet variety. In their study, reported in the journal Frontiers in Ecology and Evolution, the group examined recent and fossilized bird feces (coprolites) found in caves where kkp live.

The project foregrounded the Rights Of Nature as an expansion of the Right to Life as enshrined under Article 21 of the Constitution of India.

Today (4 April) the British Ecological Society has published the results of a three-year randomised trial comparing double and single-anonymous peer review in t.

SM Prime Holdings Inc. (SM Prime) has partnered with the University of the Philippines Los Baos (UPLB) to further promote the countrys pursuit of sustainable development. Through a scholarship grant, SM Prime aims to assist select students pursue undergraduate degrees in Bachelor of Science in Human Ecology (BSHE) and Bachelor.

Jupiters head of environmental investment solutions and portfolio Rhys Petheram is leaving the firm amid the closure of two ecology funds.

When we manipulate one component of an ecosystem, such as predators, unknown consequences show up.

Uttarakhand Chief Minister Pushkar Singh Dhami on Monday underlined his government's priority to maintain a balance between economy and ecology in the hill state and asserted that all development projects are being implemented keeping in mind environmental concerns.

Ecology (from , "house", or "environment"; -, "study of") is the branch of biology which studies the interactions among organisms and their environment. Objects of study include interactions of organisms with each other and with abiotic components of their environment. Topics of interest include the biodiversity, distribution, biomass, and populations of organisms, as well as cooperation and competition within and between species. Ecosystems are dynamically interacting systems of organisms, the communities they make up, and the non-living components of their environment. Ecosystem processes, such as primary production, pedogenesis, nutrient cycling, and niche construction, regulate the flux of energy and matter through an environment. These processes are sustained by organisms with specific life history traits. Biodiversity means the varieties of species, genes, and ecosystems, enhances certain ecosystem services.

